nrf_modem: version 1.0.1 (#416)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nrf_modem/doc/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

nrf_modem 1.0.1
***************

> * Reverted :c:func:`nrf_getaddrinfo()` behavior to be the same as in v0.8.99 due to the Carrier library not being compatible with the newly introduced POSIX errors codes yet.
> * Removed the `nrf_gai_error.h` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reverted the :c:func:`nrf_getaddrinfo` function behavior to be the same as in v0.8.99, since the LwM2M carrier library is not compatible with the newly introduced POSIX errors codes yet.
* Removed the :file:`nrf_gai_error.h` header.
```

Author: Fixed
